Asian Hornets large highly aggressive
wasps that swarm together to defend
their nests they've killed six people in
France in recent years
so unlike Frances native Hornet Asian
Hornet nests have to be destroyed I'm
joining Manny Martinez a pest controller
who is about to stir up a hornet's nest
nest can grow as large as a rubbish bin
and hold more than 1,000 hornet so I
wish man you luck on his mission
[Music]
with Hornets attacking his hands man who
finally manages to dislodge it
the nest is still active and although I
want to help out the thought of
thousands of angry hornets bearing down
on me fills me with dread
Wow I'll be happy never to have to
handle another Asian hornet's nest in my
life but for Manu there are now so many
of these foreign Hornets in this part of
France
he's busy risking his life most nights
so how did
agen Hornets come to be in France they
arrived accidentally in a consignment of
plant pots from China 10 years ago and
have spread across Europe at an alarming
pace but the real threat from these
Hornets isn't just to us
Asian Hornets hunt one of our most vital
and commercially important insects
honeybees and they do it in a gruesomely
efficient way
[Music]
the Hornets hover outside the hive
waiting to pick off tired bees as they
return from foraging then in an
incredible act of predation they pick
them off in midair once they catch a bee
they use their powerful jaws to
decapitate them the Hornets then fly the
headless bodies back to their nests to
feed their own young European bees have
no effective defense to this so just a
few Asian Hornets can polish off
hundreds of them in a few hours it could
be the last straw for bee populations
already in crisis with honeybees worth
billions of pounds to the European
economy this invasion of foreign Hornets
is coming at a great cost and their
necks stopped could be the UK
[Music]
the Asian Hornet is every bees nightmare
and to think just one fertilized queen
could wreak havoc is a chilling reminder
that the smallest of stowaways can have
a massive impact on the delicate balance
of nature
you